by howdy there internet people Nesbo
again I just tweeted to the president I
had her back yet I'm sure it's just a
matter of time though I had to ask I
mean he's he's art of a deal
he's 4d chess he's the guy at making
deals and seeing things from all angles
so I had to ask one of his chief
campaign promises I don't know if y'all
remember but he said he was gonna drain
the swamp campaign finances now you got
this new Congress person coming in at a
OC
taking Congress to task over it and
she's a darling of the Democratic Party
she's darling of the left weed seem like
somebody that was good at making deals
would understand that all he has to do
is reach across the aisle and say hey
you draft real campaign finance reform
legislation I'll support it that bill
would be unstoppable if he actually
wanted to drain the swamp but see people
didn't really listen to what he was
saying he said that a businessmen they
pretty much owned politicians he's a
businessman didn't care about draining
the swamp he was just cutting out the
middleman but you know she's down there
actually bringing it up and talking
about it and instead of reaching out to
her he's up there swimming with the
alligators anyways just fault
y'all y'all have a good night